Release 21.03.0 (#5210)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.released.md

- Before uploading a dataset webKnossos automatically checks whether a conversion and scale are needed. Additionally, the Upload UI was improved. [#5081](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/issues/5081)
- Support for KNOSSOS cubes data format was removed. Use the [webKnossos cuber](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos-cuber) tool to convert existing datasets saved as KNOSSOS cubes. [#5085](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5085)

### Added
- Added an explicit `/signup` (or `/auth/signup`) route. [#5091](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5091)
- Added the annotation option "center new nodes" to switch whether newly created nodes should be centered or not. [#4150](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5112)
- For webKnossos maintenance, superUsers can now join organizations without being listed as a user there. [#5151](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5151)
- Added the possibility to track events for analytics in the backend. [#5156](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5156)

### Changed

> - Change the font to [Titillium Web](http://nta.accademiadiurbino.it/titillium/). [#5161](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5161)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the font to [Titillium Web](http://nta.accademiadiurbino.it/titillium/). [#5161](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5161)
```

> - Make the isosurface feature in the meshes tab more robust. If a request fails, a retry is initiated. [#5102](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5102)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made the isosurface feature in the meshes tab more robust. If a request fails, a retry is initiated. [#5102](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5102)
```

- Support for the old invite links was removed. These contained the organization name in the URL. The new links contain a token (can be generated in the users view). For instances with a single organization the old invite links should still work. [#5091](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5091)
- Users are no longer allowed to deactivate their own accounts.  [#5070](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5070)

> - A user needs to confirm his choice if he really wants to leave the dataset upload view while it's still loading. [#5051](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5049)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users need to confirm the choice if they really want to leave the dataset upload view while it’s still uploading. [#5051](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5049)
```

- Mailer now uses only TLS1.2 instead of JDK default. [#5138](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5138)
- Make keyboard-driven movement through the dataset better aligned with the configured move value in certain scenarios. [#5201](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5201)

> - User experienced domains are now separated by organization. [#5149](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5149)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User experience domains are now separated by organization. [#5149](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/5149)
```
